How could anything be true?
This is the official short-term news release.
No. How is that possible?
They were dumbfounded again.
The island volcano really erupted
This
It seems that the robot developed by Qin Feng
It's predictable.
Volcanic eruptions in the island nation
Impossible this is impossible
How is that possible?
How could he be so good?
Hu Tianyi
Qin Feng is the headquarters city of the National Academy of Sciences
If he is trash
And what are you?
You are not even worth the trash
Slightly, you're not even a piece of crap
I you what you
Didn't you just say
We Qin always
Are you the sinner of our Chinese Academy of Sciences?
I have no eyes
It's my dog eyes that look down on people
You must not have the same knowledge as me
Don't move, you don't have to blame yourself.
In the past, our technology in China was indeed backward
But I ask you to believe
Please also remember
Start today.
China's science and technology will surely stand on the top of the world
Ok ok ok ok
Mr. Zhao Xuan
Returning Volcano Plan
Our country will not participate.
You'd better go back
That is.
How can the technology of our country be worse than that of the island country?
Get out of here, little devil
Get out get out
Due to the island
Violent cellar movement caused by volcanic eruptions in China
Causing continuous global volcanic eruptions
Volcanic ash mask
In a year's time, the world will enter a period of 50 colorful years